Dovedale Primary School: Health and well being week
{
          "@context" : "https://schema.org",
          "@type" : "WebSite",
          "name" : "Dovedale Primary School",
          "url" : "https://www.dovedaleprimary.co.uk"
        }
PARENT LOGIN
COOKIES / PRIVACY
function googleTranslateElementInit() {new google.translate.TranslateElement({pageLanguage: 'en'}, 'google_translate_element');}
Dovedale Primary School
Home
Classes
Reception
Year 1
Year 2
Year 3
Year 4
Year 5
Year 6
Key Information
Applying for a place at Dovedale Primary School
School Meal Menus
Out of Hours Kids Club
Dovedale Children's Centre
Governors
Attainment and Standards
School Policies
Pupil Premium
Ofsted reports
Parent View
P.E and Sport Premium
Staff
Attendance
Term Dates
Uniform
Medical
Dovedale PTA
Letters and school information
Pastoral Support Team
Child Protection and Safeguarding
Dovedale Curriculum
English
Reading
Phonics
Spelling
Writing
Science
Mathematics
Recommended maths website to support children at home
Computing
On-line safety and filtering
Design & Technology
Geography
History
Modern Foreign Languages
Physical Education
Music
PSHE and RSE
School of Sanctuary
John Cole Award for Excellence in Equality and Inclusion
Personal Development
Rainbow Flag Award
Religious Education
Art and Design
Artsmark Silver Award - 2022
Artsmark Silver Award - November 2020
What does drawing look like at Dovedale?
Art Experiences
What does painting look like at Dovedale?
Forest School
Children
Prefects
School Council
Rocket Resilience Champions
Newspaper Club
Wellbeing Ambassadors
Eco Warriors
Reading Ambassadors
Sports Ambassadors
eCadets
SEND
Newsletters
Our School Values and Ethos
Contact
Health and well being week
Date:
27th Jun 2016 @ 1:09pm
Health and Well being Week - 2DM
MONDAY - We are having a brilliant time already during Health and well being week! Today we had a relaxing Mindfulness and Massage session with the lovely Andrea, and then we made delicious healthy fruit pancakes with the marvellous Mrs Keogh! We also learned about the importance of washing our hands properly. In the afternoon we had a Street Dance session with Jill, which was fantastic - we all learned some wonderful dance moves!
TUESDAY - This morning we have been learning all about how to stay safe in the sun. We have learned from SunSafe Superhero George that we should SLIP on a t-shirt to cover our shoulders, SLOP on factor 50 suncream on any uncovered skin, SLAP on a sunhat, and SLIDE on a pair on sunglasses to protect our eyes. We should also find SHADE to play in when the sun is at it's strongest between 11am and 3pm! The children have worked hard to create a Sunsafe chatterbox to bring home, and in pairs have dressed George and his friend Alice ready for playing in the park on a sunny day! What a great morning!
This afternoon we had a Happy thoughts session with Miss Gallagher, who gave us some positivity cards that we passed to our friends to describe them. We then made our own happy thought cards, which are going to be displayed around school.
WEDNESDAY - This morning we took part in a yoga session in the classroom. We learned lots of postures that made us feel stretched and relaxed, and have enjoyed learning about how to breathe to relax.We also finished our work on Sun Safety.
In this
Section
Student Login
STAFF LOGIN
PARENT LOGIN
SCHOOL BLOGS
© Dovedale Primary School. All Rights Reserved. Website and VLE by
School Spider
window.dataLayer = window.dataLayer || [];
function gtag(){dataLayer.push(arguments);}
gtag('js', new Date());  
gtag('config', 'G-RRNWFG7B6C');