Dovedale Primary School: John Cole Award for Excellence in Equality and Inclusion
{
          "@context" : "https://schema.org",
          "@type" : "WebSite",
          "name" : "Dovedale Primary School",
          "url" : "https://www.dovedaleprimary.co.uk"
        }
PARENT LOGIN
COOKIES / PRIVACY
function googleTranslateElementInit() {new google.translate.TranslateElement({pageLanguage: 'en'}, 'google_translate_element');}
Dovedale Primary School
Home
Classes
Reception
Year 1
Year 2
Year 3
Year 4
Year 5
Year 6
Key Information
Applying for a place at Dovedale Primary School
School Meal Menus
Out of Hours Kids Club
Dovedale Children's Centre
Governors
Attainment and Standards
School Policies
Pupil Premium
Ofsted reports
Parent View
P.E and Sport Premium
Staff
Attendance
Term Dates
Uniform
Medical
Dovedale PTA
Letters and school information
Pastoral Support Team
Child Protection and Safeguarding
Dovedale Curriculum
English
Reading
Phonics
Spelling
Writing
Science
Mathematics
Recommended maths website to support children at home
Computing
On-line safety and filtering
Design & Technology
Geography
History
Modern Foreign Languages
Physical Education
Music
PSHE and RSE
School of Sanctuary
John Cole Award for Excellence in Equality and Inclusion
Personal Development
Rainbow Flag Award
Religious Education
Art and Design
Artsmark Silver Award - 2022
Artsmark Silver Award - November 2020
What does drawing look like at Dovedale?
Art Experiences
What does painting look like at Dovedale?
Forest School
Children
Prefects
School Council
Rocket Resilience Champions
Newspaper Club
Wellbeing Ambassadors
Eco Warriors
Reading Ambassadors
Sports Ambassadors
eCadets
SEND
Newsletters
Our School Values and Ethos
Contact
John Cole Award for Excellence in Equality and Inclusion
24th November 2020
It is my pleasure to inform you that Dovedale has been awarded the very prestigious John Cole Award for Excellence in Equality and Inclusion. This makes me incredibly proud of Dovedale and our community.
Below is the press statement:
EMTAS are delighted to announce that Dovedale Primary School are the 2020 recipient of the John Cole Award for Excellence in Equality and Inclusion.  Many colleagues across the city will have fond memories of John Cole, who devoted his career to support equality and inclusion, and was a voice for some of our most vulnerable children and families.
In 2017, EMTAS introduced the Memorial Award, to remember such a compassionate colleague and friend who left a hole, not only within the EMTAS family, but within many of our communities.
Gill Rowlands, EMTAS Manager said:
“Dovedale Primary is a well deserving recipient, their practice embodies all that was close to John's heart, from their work on School of Sanctuary to the warm and inclusive welcome the school provides to the whole school community and their support for one of our valued charities Asylum Link.”
The award ceremony today was that little bit different, but EMTAS were delighted to be able to celebrate with Dovedale Primary Headteacher, Nik Smith and teacher Drew Jones who have worked incredibly hard to reach out and support the whole school community.
EMTAS were joined by Liverpool City Council’s Director for Children’s and Young Peoples Services, Steve Reddy and Cabinet Member for Education, Employment and Skills, Barbara Murray, alongside Principal Primary Officer, Alison Green from School Improvement Liverpool and Ian Downing from Asylum Link.
To mark the occasion, performance poet Levi Tafari shared a personal message and poem to congratulate Dovedale!
Cllr Barbara Murray said:
“EMTAS has spoken to me about the schools’ journey to sanctuary, how this has been reflected in both the physical environment and also through their curriculum too. I know that the school has done some amazing work with parents and carers, including coffee morning drop ins where parents who speak other languages have been encouraged to speak and celebrate their mother tongue! This is such a powerful and celebratory message! Raising awareness about the plight of asylum seekers and refugees, building that empathy and supporting a local charity makes it very real and is really heart-warming. Dovedale really is a fitting recipient.”
Files to Download
John Cole Award for Excellence in Equality and Inclusion
window.pages = {"data":[{"id":"87386","title":"John Cole Award for Excellence in Equality and Inclusion","current":1,"link":"\/page\/john-cole-award-for-excellence-in-equality-and-inclusion\/87386","link_target":"_self"}]};
In this
Section
Student Login
STAFF LOGIN
PARENT LOGIN
SCHOOL BLOGS
© Dovedale Primary School. All Rights Reserved. Website and VLE by
School Spider
window.dataLayer = window.dataLayer || [];
function gtag(){dataLayer.push(arguments);}
gtag('js', new Date());  
gtag('config', 'G-RRNWFG7B6C');