Dovedale Primary School: Year Two Weekly Blog, 2nd Novemer
{
          "@context" : "https://schema.org",
          "@type" : "WebSite",
          "name" : "Dovedale Primary School",
          "url" : "https://www.dovedaleprimary.co.uk"
        }
PARENT LOGIN
COOKIES / PRIVACY
function googleTranslateElementInit() {new google.translate.TranslateElement({pageLanguage: 'en'}, 'google_translate_element');}
Dovedale Primary School
Home
Classes
Reception
Year 1
Year 2
Year 3
Year 4
Year 5
Year 6
Key Information
Applying for a place at Dovedale Primary School
School Meal Menus
Out of Hours Kids Club
Dovedale Children's Centre
Governors
Attainment and Standards
School Policies
Pupil Premium
Ofsted reports
Parent View
P.E and Sport Premium
Staff
Attendance
Term Dates
Uniform
Medical
Dovedale PTA
Letters and school information
Pastoral Support Team
Child Protection and Safeguarding
Dovedale Curriculum
English
Reading
Phonics
Spelling
Writing
Science
Mathematics
Recommended maths website to support children at home
Computing
On-line safety and filtering
Design & Technology
Geography
History
Modern Foreign Languages
Physical Education
Music
PSHE and RSE
School of Sanctuary
John Cole Award for Excellence in Equality and Inclusion
Personal Development
Rainbow Flag Award
Religious Education
Art and Design
Artsmark Silver Award - 2022
Artsmark Silver Award - November 2020
What does drawing look like at Dovedale?
Art Experiences
What does painting look like at Dovedale?
Forest School
Children
Prefects
School Council
Rocket Resilience Champions
Newspaper Club
Wellbeing Ambassadors
Eco Warriors
Reading Ambassadors
Sports Ambassadors
eCadets
SEND
Newsletters
Our School Values and Ethos
Contact
Year Two Weekly Blog, 2nd Novemer
Date:
2nd Nov 2018 @ 3:59pm
What a great first week back! Thank you to all the children who helped collect such a fantastic range of Autumnal items over half term. We loved using these as inspiration to write our own Autumn poems this week. In maths we have been adding and subtracting multiples of ten to 2 digit numbers and noticing what happens to each digit. We have been learning to record our calculations using the column method. In history we began learning about Guy Fawkes and the Gunpowder Plot. We worked together to sequence the main events and found out about why we celebrate Firework Night each year on 5th November. In science we explored how materials can be changed by twisting, bending, pushing, pulling, stretching and squashing.
Next week we will continue learning about Guy Fawkes and use non-fiction texts to find out more information about his life. We will discuss our own opinions about the Gunpowder Plot and whether we thought Guy Fawkes was right to try to kill King James. We will write a persuasive argument giving the facts and our own point of view. In maths we will continue practicing using the column method to record our addition and subtraction calculations and will begin to learn how to exchange ten ones for a ten when we don't have enough ones to subtract. As Remembrance Day is approaching the children will learn about the significance of the Poppy, why we wear them and will then work together to create a large wreath of Poppies to be displayed in school. We will also carry out an investigation to explore reversible and irreversible changes a part of our materials topic in science.
In this
Section
Student Login
STAFF LOGIN
PARENT LOGIN
SCHOOL BLOGS
© Dovedale Primary School. All Rights Reserved. Website and VLE by
School Spider
window.dataLayer = window.dataLayer || [];
function gtag(){dataLayer.push(arguments);}
gtag('js', new Date());  
gtag('config', 'G-RRNWFG7B6C');