Dovedale Primary School: Year 6 blog 1.3.19
{
          "@context" : "https://schema.org",
          "@type" : "WebSite",
          "name" : "Dovedale Primary School",
          "url" : "https://www.dovedaleprimary.co.uk"
        }
PARENT LOGIN
COOKIES / PRIVACY
function googleTranslateElementInit() {new google.translate.TranslateElement({pageLanguage: 'en'}, 'google_translate_element');}
Dovedale Primary School
Home
Classes
Reception
Year 1
Year 2
Year 3
Year 4
Year 5
Year 6
Key Information
Applying for a place at Dovedale Primary School
School Meal Menus
Out of Hours Kids Club
Dovedale Children's Centre
Governors
Attainment and Standards
School Policies
Pupil Premium
Ofsted reports
Parent View
P.E and Sport Premium
Staff
Attendance
Term Dates
Uniform
Medical
Dovedale PTA
Letters and school information
Pastoral Support Team
Child Protection and Safeguarding
Dovedale Curriculum
English
Reading
Phonics
Spelling
Writing
Science
Mathematics
Recommended maths website to support children at home
Computing
On-line safety and filtering
Design & Technology
Geography
History
Modern Foreign Languages
Physical Education
Music
PSHE and RSE
School of Sanctuary
John Cole Award for Excellence in Equality and Inclusion
Personal Development
Rainbow Flag Award
Religious Education
Art and Design
Artsmark Silver Award - 2022
Artsmark Silver Award - November 2020
What does drawing look like at Dovedale?
Art Experiences
What does painting look like at Dovedale?
Forest School
Children
Prefects
School Council
Rocket Resilience Champions
Newspaper Club
Wellbeing Ambassadors
Eco Warriors
Reading Ambassadors
Sports Ambassadors
eCadets
SEND
Newsletters
Our School Values and Ethos
Contact
Year 6 blog 1.3.19
Date:
3rd Mar 2019 @ 6:21pm
Year 6 began a new topic in poetry this week, Finding a Voice.
We began by analysing the poem, 19th floor. Children generated discussion, vocabulary and thoughtful responses to the theme of poverty from a child’s perspective. Then we looked at the subject of the poem, a young girl, her life -living in difficult circumstances and how school would be for her. By Friday, children were ready to write a school report from the Headteacher’s perspective. Great writing.
Next week, we look at the life of a Syrian refugee in Britain.
In maths, we have been studying algebra and challenging ourselves with different tasks involving missing numbers, how letters relate to numbers and formula, and practising problems involving both. We continue to practise arithmetic on Mondays and daily challenge 5, and we also do a ten minute test to practise reasoning skills each morning. On Thursday we launched an investigation in diameter, radius and finding the circumference of circles using a formula.
In science, we began a new topic, Evolution, and looked at how fossils provide evidence into how animals might have changed over millions of years. We produced fascinating discussion from our superbly intelligent year 6s and we’re looking forward to learning more in this topic.
In history, we were investigating Tudor crimes and punishment. We looked at case studies, decided what the crime was and assigned the ‘appropriate’ Tudor punishment to the person on trial. We were surprised to see punishments like the drunkards cloak and ducking stool in action long after the Magna Carta was drawn up.
On Tuesday and Wednesday, year 6s were treated to a Shakespeare workshop for Macbeth by @ascreatives company, who walked children back through the story in such a creative way, allowing children to express themselves theatrically, playing the roles of the main characters, learning about the key scenes and how they were played centuries ago. We had a fantastic time and thank As Creatives for extending our topic on plays so well.
The year 6 team
In this
Section
Student Login
STAFF LOGIN
PARENT LOGIN
SCHOOL BLOGS
© Dovedale Primary School. All Rights Reserved. Website and VLE by
School Spider
window.dataLayer = window.dataLayer || [];
function gtag(){dataLayer.push(arguments);}
gtag('js', new Date());  
gtag('config', 'G-RRNWFG7B6C');